So now we have a couple of things we can improve on.
We know that when we click it's going to transition and it's transitioning from left to right.
So first of all, we want everything in the restaurant Stack Navigator to come up like a model except
the initial screen, the initial entry point.
This is the initial entry point of the stack.
So it's it's always what will render first anything subsequent we want to render as a model.
And so in order to do that, what we want to do is we want to import something called.
Not from here, from the Stock Navigator.
We have something in here called Transition Presets.
And so what this allows us to do is set the transition for the screen and so in the Stack Navigator,
what we can do is we can pass something called screen options and we give it an object.
And so that in that object, what we want to give it is dot, dot, dot transition.
So we're spreading transition presets.
We're spreading everything on transition presets, dot modal presentation.
I os, and that will set a modal presentation that happens like iOS would, and so now when we hit our
target, it's coming in from the bottom, right?
It's coming in from the bottom.
And it's it's working as intended.
It's swiping up, which is super useful for us.
OK, but there's there's one more thing.
We're not really getting any visual feedback on our press.
Remember when we were looking at the press API?
Well, when we were looking at the press API, we saw that it has the ability to to track the presses
and track how long something is pressing.
But it really doesn't give us any visual feedback.
It it kind of just works the way that you can.
You can allow press and you can build custom press ability.
So let's let's go back to touchable without feedback.
Well, touchable without feedback was going to allow us to touch without feedback.
So if we take that right, what we were going to see was if we go to our restaurant screen, if we look
at Pressel and we quickly replace that with touchable without feedback.
Right.
So now what we're going to see is, is that we're going to have the same effect, but we're not really
seeing any feedback.
So what we actually really want is something called touchable opacity.
Now, touchable opacity is going to point us in a wrapper for making it respond to tuchis properly so
if we press it, it's showing us an opacity happening and opacity transition.
So although Pressel is the extensive future proof way to handle touch based inputs.
You still have to do a lot of heavy lifting in order to get the actual output that you want, for simplicity's
sake, we're going to use something called touchable opacity.
And now what happens is when we click, we're going to see feedback, we're going to see the card fade
out.
And that's going to allow us that visual feedback that we were looking for in order for the user to
properly be able to handle.
And so the reason we went back and forth on this is because with the possible API, we have an extensible,
more rigorous way of handling process we can handle on Pressin, on Prasow, we can figure out when
the press was activated, when it's deactivated, we can have the long presses, short presses, but
we don't need all of that configurability.
What we want is a wrapper for making views responsible to touches.
And by default, the touchable opacity will control the opacity by wrapping the children in an animated
view and adding that now this can affect the layout, of course.
But for us it really isn't affecting the layout.
It's just adding a nice opacity transition to the touch.
So it's important to know that although we could use the press API in order to have an extensible experience
and be able to control the press action and different versions of press actions.
For instance, if we wanted to long press on this and then show a menu or things like that, we would
use the press API and we would do some fine tuning.
But for all intents and purposes, all we're looking for is some feedback and the ability to touch.
So with that touchable opacity works a bit better.